hi everyone it's Lucy here and today
we're looking at the TOEFL listening
test a bit more and today specifically
we're looking at lecture skill 9 opinion
now in this lesson first we're going to
describe the task then we're going to
talk about the method and finally it's
time for you to do some practice on your
own so the purpose of today's lesson is
to understand exactly how to complete
the listening opinion question type now
we've talked before about the opinion
type question in a conversation but this
is with a lecture so let's look at
exactly what is involved in this task so
you need to identify what the professor
thinks about something he or she
mentioned in the lecture so you're
trying to identify the professor's
opinion now next we have our method and
as always our first step is to listen to
the audio and take notes so remember
that note-taking is an extremely
important skill for the TOEFL test it's
something that you can't ignore and you
can't skip it's really a skill that you
need to work on until you feel confident
in it now if you don't already make sure
you have a pen and paper ready we're
going to listen to the audio in a moment
and remember when you're taking notes it
is a skill it's not something that you
can learn automatically it comes with
practice right you have lots of
different options for taking nice short
notes right don't write any full
sentences right key words key ideas use
abbreviations use whatever system that
helps you okay so let's take a look and
let's listen to our audio all right are
you ready here we go
while many architectural styles explore
harmonious details mannerism wants to
take style a step further and explores
the aesthetics of hyperbole and
exaggeration mannerism is notable for
its intellectual sophistication as well
as its artificial as opposed to
naturalistic qualities mannerisms lack
of balance and clarity is what makes it
so beautiful the definition of mannerism
and the phases within it continue to be
the subject of debate among art
historians
okay do you feel like you have some nice
short sweet notes let's take a look at
our sample notes so you can see here we
just have a few key words we have no
full sentences only a couple phrases so
we have things like mannerism
exaggeration intellectual sophistication
artificial qualities and so on now our
next step is to read the question so
remember that in the TOEFL listening
test first going to listen to the audio
and then you get to read the question
so note-taking is extremely important
because you don't know exactly what
you're going to be asked okay so let's
take a look at the question so what does
the lecturer think about mannerism as an
architectural style is it a mannerisms
unique style makes it the most
aesthetically pleasing the mannerisms is
known for its balance and clarity see
mannerism utilizes natural elements in
its design
ordy mannerisms definition is agreed
upon by historians so our next step is
to check our notes against this question
and eliminate any answers that don't
match right so this is your time to
eliminate any answers that are obviously
wrong so let's look at the question and
the notes again side-by-side so take a
look at our question in our notes and
try to eliminate any answers that you
think are obviously wrong
now our next step obviously is once
we've removed the incorrect
options is to choose the correct option
now before I show you the correct answer
make sure you have an answer choice of
your own if you're not sure just yet
go back pause look at the question again
and then you can decide on your right
answer okay are you ready here comes the
answer and it is a mannerisms unique
style makes it the most aesthetically
pleasing okay how'd you go were you able
to answer that correctly hopefully your
notes were helpful to you so now it's
time for you to do some practice okay if
you don't already make sure you have a
pen and paper available because remember
our first step is to listen and take
notes are you ready here is the lecture
geography is the science that studies
the lands the features the inhabitants
and the phenomena of the earth a literal
translation would be to describe or
write about the earth there are four
historical traditions in geographical
research the first is spatial analysis
of natural and human phenomena second is
area studies or the study of places and
region thirdly and most interestingly is
the study of the human land relationship
and finally there is Earth Sciences
modern geography is an all-encompassing
discipline that foremost seeks to
understand the earth and all of its
human and natural complexities not
merely where objects are but how they
have changed and come to be geography
has been called the world discipline and
the bridge between the human and the
physical science
okay great now that you've heard the
lecture and you've taken some notes it's
time to see the question okay and here
is our question
okay now remember when you're looking at
the question the first thing you want to
do is eliminate the wrong answer choices
so once you've done that it should be a
lot easier to find the correct answer
choice so do you have an answer yes okay
let's take a look and the answer is B
it's the most interesting of the four
historical traditions great hopefully
you were able to get that with your
excellent listening skills and your
excellent note-taking skills thank you
again for watching and remember if you
have any questions don't be afraid to
check out our website at eetu language
comm thank you again and see you next
time bye